Learn-OCaml is an online platform design for OCaml teaching:
everything happens in the browser (students do not have to install
OCaml on their machines to use it), and it provides facilities to
reuse, write and deploy auto-graded exercises.

Have a look at our [demo instance](learn-ocaml.hackojo.org/).

The platform is completely free software, see the [source code
repository](https://github.com/ocaml-sf/learn-ocaml). We are funding
the continued technical evolution of the platform.

If you want to use it in your course, for now the recommended approach
is to deploy your own instance -- this is a fairly simple process, we
deploy local instances routinely (for a course, a summer school,
etc). See our documentation on [How to deploy a learn-ocaml
instance](https://github.com/ocaml-sf/learn-ocaml/blob/master/docs/howto-deploy-a-learn-ocaml-instance.md). We
are working on creating an instance server that would make it easy to
create new instances without hosting them; this is still in-progress.

We are also growing an open [corpus of
exercises](https://github.com/ocaml-sf/learn-ocaml-corpus) which you
can pick and reuse for your own teaching. We have on the occasion
provided financial compensation to teachers creating new, high-quality
exercises; please get in touch if you are interested.

The Learn-OCaml software was initially developed by
[OCamlPro](https://www.ocamlpro.com/) for the needs of the OCaml MOOC,
and was later generalized as a versatile OCaml-teaching platform. The
ongoing work of the OCaml Software Foundation on the Learn-OCaml
platform is driven (and, in large part, done directly) by [Yann
RÃ©gis-Gianas](http://yann.regis-gianas.org/).
